Good evening, Hollywood, California. What goes down tonight? I'll tell you what goes down.
Harmontown is now in session. Here we are at the Meltdown Nerdist Melting Meltdown Theater here in Hollywood, California.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller. Let's welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
A couple of lazy karate kicks I did there for you listening at home. Thank you for coming to Harmontown.
Thank you, Jeff Davis, our Comptroller. What a wonderful job he does.
Well, I got nothing. I don't have anything to talk about tonight.
That's our show. Good night. Thank you for coming, everybody.
We did the...
I'd like to thank...
Mo Fathelbab? Fathalbap?
He's the best name you can thank.
He's the worst name. I can never remember. There's no mnemonic device for Fathalbap.
You can never remember if it's B first or M first.
You can say Mo Fathelbab wrong and nobody knows.
Oh, that's it. Okay. Fathalbap...
I won't...
Fathalbap.
It's going to be a bad show tonight, folks.
Buckle up and...
Mo came out of the car.
We said it three times wrong, so he's like an insecure Beetlejuice.
Fathalbap, Fathalbap, Fathalbap.
And he's like, I think you might mean me.
Let me help you.
I've been doing this my whole life.
Anyways, yeah, I was nursing a well-earned hangover all day today.
We watched like four movies in bed, Aaron and I, and Jeff.
Because we did the Channel 101 roast last night.
It was a ten-year anniversary of Channel 101.
Some of you may not be familiar with Channel 101,
but it's been around for ten years now.
It's ten years old.
I gave birth to something ten years old.
You gave birth to something zero years old, and now it's ten.
It's going to be a bad show, folks.
It's just people correcting each other.
Do your baby back rib-riff one more time.
Oh, man.
I stopped short because I was like, what are you doing?
I'm going to do, here, watch this.
What's your name, ma'am?
Samantha.
Got Samantha?
It's like got milk.
That's it.
That's all you get tonight.
So just mid-90s advertising slogan.
Yeah.
Oh, dear heavens.
Pull it together.
It's partly your job, though, isn't it?
My favorite part of the roast last night,
I mean, I can't imagine many people that are here
were there last night, but one guy.
Adam Goldberg.
At some point, we were all roasting each other.
It's friends roasting each other, so that's what a roast should be.
So good-natured, fake vitriol and spleen.
And there was a gal in the audience who kept just going,
just ejaculations for no reason in the middle of the show.
And Dan got up last.
I was the roast master and brought Dan up for the finale,
and Dan stopped roasting friends and just lampooned.
No, not lambasted.
Assaulted a woman in the audience.
And it was for the benefit of all.
It was fantastic.
So you missed that.
Let's do a new segment.
Do you have a song you can play a little sound by?
What sort of segment?
This segment is called...
Ask Dan a Question.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Ask Dan a Question,
where you, the audience, get to ask Dan Harmon a question.
A question?
Yeah.
All right.
Good, good.
Well, maybe, hey, if you got enjoyment out of that,
maybe it won't be a bad show.
Maybe we accidentally assembled some people
with very low standards tonight,
and they're going even right out.
Or I picked the perfect musical cue.
No, you did great.
Anybody have a question?
Raise your hand.
Deeper first. What's your name, sir?
I'm Kyle.
Kyle, what's your question?
How are you doing?
The question to Dan is from Kyle.
I'm doing good.
I was a little hungover.
Well, you asked a question.
I don't know yet.
All right, one more question. One more time for one more question.
Let's go in the back. I see the shadow of a hand.
Where did you get your haircut? It looks great.
The question is, where did you get your haircut?
Addendum, it looks great.
Chicago.
Next question.
Let's go with a beef fungus bill.
Beef fungus bill in the front row.
Is there any conceivable way
Heat Vision and Jack could come back?
The question is to Dan Harmon,
is there any conceivable way
that Heat Vision and Jack could come back?
That was too fast. I'm sorry.
I mean, they've been trying to,
that's been trying to happen
for a really, really, really long time.
I just watched it.
We screened it at the Austin Television Festival,
and I was stricken with the fact that,
A, holy shit, we need to tighten those edits.
But B, I think it really just needs to be a movie,
if anything. I don't know.
But then again, Schrab had a really good idea
for an animated series.
Every time that thing comes up
and is going to get reborn in some way,
something complicated happens.
There's a lot of cooks in that kitchen,
a lot of people sharing that intellectual property.
Under the right circumstances,
would you want it to come back?
Well, I think you could make a really, really good movie
out of it.
I had a script that I wrote,
which I'm sure it's not the best script I've ever written,
but the idea behind the script,
I felt like going into doing a Heat Vision and Jack feature,
Heat Vision and Jack kids is this thing I did in 1999
with Schrab.
Rob Schrab for Fox.
I was a pilot that didn't get picked up about Jack Black.
He's a super intelligent astronaut.
He's got too close to the sun, so his brain expanded.
He's running from NASA with his talking motorcycle voice point.
Oh, and Wilson.
And I always felt like if you did a movie version of it,
the movie version of it should be like...
Anybody ever see Wrestler's Rhapsody?
Yeah.
I wanted to have a kind of meta quality to it where,
like, the sort of knight-ridery, hulky,
Athenian, Buck Rogers' kind of fantasy quality
to the lifestyle that Jack and Heat Vision were caught in,
along with its episodic nature,
was sort of a metaphor for the Bachelor lifestyle.
The four one settles down.
You've got your one buddy who's like,
are you ever going to let you settle down,
a.k.a. like a motorcycle that can't stand still
or he falls down himself?
I'm sitting right here, Dan.
And then you've got...
So it's like, my version of the feature was going to be that Jack,
like, first you just do like 20 minutes of awesome,
just like, just do Heat Vision and Jack,
just do like an episode or two, just like wing through them,
and then plot point one on page 20 is Jack,
once again, for the 500th time,
or he's lost count, like, once again,
he goes into a small town and meets a nurse
or an aerobics instructor or something
and she's having trouble with us
that indirectly leads to a supernatural adventure.
But this time, like, he goes home with her
and he's doing the same routine over and over again
with just cosmetic differences.
His life is templated and successful, syndicated, if you will.
And then the woman's roommate comes home
and it's a girl that Jack did this with,
like, five seasons ago.
And she's like, holy shit.
She's completely changed.
She's going to medical school now.
She's become a real human being
and this person that she knew had this dalliance with
who came through her life.
He hadn't changed at all.
And that was, like, Jack's seeing himself through her eyes
as a creature of habit, as a person who wasn't,
whose life was going through these illogical patterns.
For instance, why are you running from NASA still?
Have you tried talking to them?
You know, why do you, when you find out that Bigfoot exists,
why don't you leverage that information
to get people to stop chasing you?
Or just, like, why do you bother fighting Bigfoot
when you're on the run from these people?
Can't you use that as an excuse to...
He starts asking questions that you're not supposed to ask
and that sort of triggers their greatest adventure yet.
But that's probably where it falls apart
and that's probably why it'll never get made.
But I would really like to see that.
I could probably just do that and not call it heat vision of Jack.
I could call it octopus face and sock dick.
Octopus face and sock dick.
They're best friends to the lovin'
and they're gonna go on some adventures
and find some Bigfoots, too.
They're gonna do battle with a Loch Ness monster,
fight a werewolf, and eat some lobsters.
They're gonna go down to the basement with you.
These characters are gonna fight a werewolf
and eat some lobsters.
They're gonna go down to the basement with you.
These characters are ready to assault you.
Retraining my brain to not go to certain comedic wells at 40.
That, if you're gonna do an improv song,
that's an unforgiving tempo there, too.
Hey man, my life's an unforgiving life.
Alright, let's...
Oh, you have a question, sir?
Yeah, if you had to choose between sex or teleportation for the rest of your life,
what would you choose?
The question is, if you had to choose between sex or teleportation
for the rest of your life,
which would you choose?
I mean, I would ask you your name,
but your new name is Segment Saver.
Those other questions, that's amazing.
If only everyone wanted to know something like that,
everyone could do a show.
If sex or teleportation for the rest of my life...
Meaning, if you chose teleportation, there could be no sex?
Yeah, you can't be pleasured sexually anymore.
Like, no more orgasms ever.
Yeah, you couldn't...
Will that...
Will that raise my already rising risk of prostate cancer?
Like, because I know there's certain statistics about that.
Like, if I don't orgasm five times a week,
like, I enter some risk group.
But what good would teleportation...
Let's assume no.
Could you teleport back to a time when you could enjoy sex?
No, right?
It's teleportation.
Dad!
How does it work, son?
It's teleportation.
Is it a time machine?
Will you come over and help me reset my teleportation machine?
It keeps blinking 12.
I love that it keeps blinking 12.
I was about to say that too, and then realized...
The reference to it blinking 12 has become the new...
Maybe back ribs.
It's the new way of recognizing an old person.
When we were 15, if your VCR was blinking 12,
it meant you were 38, because you didn't know how to set it.
And now, if you make that reference, people know you're 40.
That's funny.
Our VCR reference is blinking 12.
Our comedy is blinking 12.
And nobody here knows how to reset it, because they don't know what it is.
Yeah, they're like...
Anyways...
So what are the teleportation...
Teleportation or sex?
Basically, you could teleport anywhere.
You could, I guess, hold someone and bring them with you.
You could teleport anywhere, bring somebody with you.
Or stuff, I guess.
So I could teleport and find, like, really viral men to pleasure Aaron
and bring them back to the bedroom.
And then teleport into the closet dressed as Superman and just watch.
I guess without your penis, you could still pleasure her,
but there's that...
Well, that's a big thing, yeah, too.
What was that?
Well, because if I wasn't in a relationship,
that would be...
I think that would be...
Teleportation at 40 is very tempting.
Where would you...
What comes to mind when you think of teleporting?
To what?
Just go in places fast, motherfucker.
Instant travel, anywhere.
You hate travel.
Well, maybe because I don't have teleportation.
I don't know.
Well, I guess you bring up an interesting point, I guess.
Where would you go, Magellan?
Well, I mean, it would be like you could teleport to the inside of a bank vault
and it would be effective retirement.
Okay.
So you become jumper?
Yeah, you become jumper.
Yeah, but what's the point of having all the money in the world
if you can't enjoy sex anymore?
I mean, this question is no longer a metaphor.
Are you at 40 years old still capable of enjoying sex?
Of course.
Well, according to my wiener, I come in stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
That's a good barometer.
But you'd rather give that up so you could rob banks?
I'm weighing it.
You could just appear on a hammock in Tahiti and be there?
I'm trying to break it down by wondering how important is sex to me in terms of myself
and how important is sex to me in terms of keeping Aaron.
If I thought that my ability to have an orgasm was the reason Aaron was going to stay with me forever,
then there's also the children thing.
Like, I want to have a kid.
Oh, I can do that.
I could teleport to Vienna and get a doctor to remove my sperm.
Or save it up before you choose.
Right.
I mean, I'm assuming I get like a 36-hour, like, you know.
I get to walk around like at Norton and kind of say goodbye to everybody.
Okay, so you come everywhere.
All right.
So you know what's going to come to that party?
Hey, Dan's getting teleportation instead of sex on Monday.
He wants everyone to come to the rainbow room.
No, thank you.
All right.
So let's say you, in your 36-hour window, when you've made this choice,
you have a doctor from Sweden save your semen in case you ever want to have a child.
You've cleared it with Aaron and let her know that viral men will fuck her while you dress up in a costume.
And she gets you the thumbs up on that.
And she goes, I'll take that bullet.
Then, okay, so you've chosen never to enjoy an orgasm again.
But now, where are you going?
What can possibly make that worthwhile?
I mean, definitely first, Dublin.
Because the flight delays are killers.
I just pop over to Dublin.
I don't know, it's a really good question.
I know that there's a good way to use teleportation for a guy with a sedentary lifestyle.
For rescue?
Oh, rescue.
Okay, all right.
He's right.
You know what, that's another thing to consider.
If you have an extraordinary power, you end up getting eaten away by the responsibilities.
I mean, we all, yeah, fuck that.
Every time you watch TV, every time there's a 9-11, you're like, fuck me.
I gotta go teleport under rubble and bring people out.
Is teleportation always in the moment?
There's no time to travel to it, right?
No, it's space, not time.
It's space, so you can just be somewhere right now.
So if you're watching 9-11 happen, where are you going to teleport to?
New York, you fucking, specifically where?
In the building?
Well, it's happening on the news.
Are you willing to come up here?
Okay, come up here, please.
Ask him.
He's the guy that's giving me teleportation or taking away my gonads.
What's your name, sir?
My name's Connor.
Connor, okay.
Have we met before?
No.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Maybe when we teleported, but that's fine.
Or maybe, maybe Harmontown fans are a type.
Todd Bishop.
Todd Bishop, yeah.
For you at home, he's, yeah, he doesn't look like Russell Crowe.
You look like a bit, you look like a young Frank Gorshan.
If I knew who that was, I'd probably be...
He played the Riddler on the original Batman.
You're blinking 12, baby.
No, I said you guys grown...
Hey, he was a comic on a TV show!
Russell Crowe is a Visigoth.
He's a big, hairy, ursine man.
I was saying this guy's more on the Neil Patrick Harris end of the spectrum, which is equally...
There's a lot of handsome men that don't look like Russell Crowe.
I think what we found out is that you guys give Russell Crowe a little too much leeway.
I refuse to feel bad about that.
I think...
Connor, would you like to go out to dinner sometime?
I mean, absolutely.
See?
All right.
Anyway, so in your mind, teleportation, if you did have it, is this something you've thought about?
Yeah, this is actually weird that this got brought up tonight,
because freshman year of college, me and my, like, best friends would debate over this.
And people have...
Most people, at first, were teleportation back when it was freshman year of college,
but a lot of people have swayed.
Wait, you're kidding.
When you were a freshman in college and you could drive nails through boards with your dick,
that's when...
Oh, because you're taking it for granted.
You're like, oh, I can give this up for anything.
Oh, my dick's always so hard, it gets in the way.
Can you believe that?
So give me a superpower instead, I guess that makes sense.
And then when they turn 40, they're like, oh, my kingdom for a boner.
But you're not 40.
No.
You're 25.
Two.
22, not two.
All right, anyway, so that's already interesting,
but then once you think about it, I guess it makes sense.
These young, virile men would...
What about women?
Have you ever asked women this question?
Yeah, most girls, surprisingly, choose sex and more guys,
well, now that we're not freshmen in college,
most people are choosing sex, but most girls, almost 90% of the time, it's sex.
Huh.
They all want it, huh?
Yeah.
It was a...
It's good to know.
It was one big plan.
Sex is the ultimate teleportation, man.
And when I want to go to another place,
I just go to bed with Dan Harmon.
It kind of forces you to not want to be there.
It's like I'm in a bank vault right now.
Yeah, everyone that's been to bed with me knows what it's like to...
All right, but kind of...
...remote travel.
Let's say there was a point in your life when you would have chosen teleportation.
I mean, still choosing it.
Just still do.
Okay, so then explain to me what the benefits, what makes teleportation.
I want to know the rules of teleportation, too.
If I want to go to Madagascar, even though I've never been there,
and probably couldn't find it on a map, like...
See, I think we've gone back and forth on this,
and probably thought about it way too much.
But, I mean, it'd probably be more fun if you could just think it and go,
as opposed to having been there or seen it on TV.
Like, if you don't have to have been to Ground Zero to teleport there,
like, you can just go.
But do I have to kind of know it's on the east coast of the United States?
Yeah, if you can, you can, like, just throw a dart and get close.
That'll work.
Alright.
So you could see a national crisis happening on CNN,
and go there and help people.
Yeah, you could.
Is that the allure of teleportation?
Is the greater good that you would use this as a superpower?
I think that's part of it.
I think that's the price.
That's the price of admission.
Yeah.
You could also do a lot of really fun stuff.
Right, okay, so again, now, give me, like, forget the responsibility,
or include whatever.
Like, think small.
Yeah.
Like, you ever drive past the public museum at night,
and think like, man, you know, me and my friends could just go in there with a six pack
and just look at a T-Rex and just hang out.
Like, you could.
Yeah, never fuck again, but I want to see that T-Rex so bad.
I mean, fuck seeing it in the daytime.
And not during business hours.
No, no.
I guess, and also they have motion sensors instead of the cops would always be coming.
But then you could just get the heck out right now.
You could teleport right the fuck out.
Well, let me ask you this, Connor.
Can I teleport to the moon?
You could, but...
But you'd die.
You'd probably...
Well, I could get a spacesuit.
If you got a spacesuit, then I think this works.
Yeah, and then teleport to the moon with, like, tanks of oxygen and start building a city.
I hate to be a killjoy, but let's say you teleport to NASA where there are spacesuits.
And let's say you find one that fits you.
It already exists.
You understand that...
That was not a fad joke.
I think 200 people disagree.
That's on them then.
I'm saying rocket science.
That was a fad joke.
For instance, I'm just about six foot four inches.
I'm not going to find me a spacesuit that fits me.
You think those things are custom made?
Oh, fuck yeah!
And then also...
No, no, no, no.
Team Taylor fit?
No, you get them off the fucking rack.
No, I know.
Yeah, but you want...
You get a Neiman Marcus and you say, I'll take a...
But when you set these guys up in the spaceship, don't you want all of their suits to fit all of them?
I'm pretty sure Buzz Aldrin's suit was Buzz Aldrin's suit and fit him like a glove.
But I bet they would be stupid to not let him be able to go, hey, like Neil Armstrong has a peanut allergy and he dies halfway up.
And he lands on the button that makes the spaceship go to Venus instead of the moon.
And then Aldrin's suit gets all fucked up because whenever Glenn Beck, I don't know the name of another astronaut,
he starts eating shit like a moth and tears a hole and so the bottom line is, like, who's...
Okay, all right, so let's say...
What do we do?
The answer better be, okay, there's another space suit.
I will grant you...
Okay, how about this?
Let's say you roll...
You bowl a strike and you go in there and you have short Vince Vaughn's space suit in there.
Because he's still a little chubby.
And you go up, this is Goldilocks.
This one fits perfectly and you try that on.
A team of people need to make sure that thing works.
Like, you can't just put that thing on and sustain you.
Yeah.
Like, again, I'm only asking these questions so I can find out whether...
All right, so I teleport to NASA.
I steal a space suit and you're going to give me this that they got one there.
That one fits just right.
Why don't you bring just both suits so it's not even an issue?
What do you mean?
Like, bring the non-fitted suit and then the fitted suit.
Well, let's say you had ten suits that were all perfect.
You walk into a giant wardrobe full of space suits and you can just pull them off the rack.
I'm a 42 long, that's perfect.
You get right in there.
So you have the suit.
Now you need...
This is not something that can operate on its own.
You need help on this, right?
On a space suit on the moon.
If we're going to the moon.
I don't know, do you?
Well, I mean, you could certainly figure that shit out.
The hard part of getting to the moon is propulsion.
Well, also, to put an EVA suit on in a spacecraft, you need like two people to help you get in.
I will have lots of friends.
I believe the teleporting guy.
But they don't work for NASA.
And a lot of those friends will be super hot chicks because they won't feel threatened by me.
Because I won't be able to...
I will have so many fucking awesome, smart, hot women friends.
But they're going to be turned down by the fact that you're going to murder yourself on the moon
because you don't know how to operate a fucking space suit.
I don't understand your...
Well, I haven't even made a decision yet.
Okay, Connor.
It seems like as long as...
It seems like you're happy as long as I'm coming.
Dan, I've always been candid about that.
Connor, give me your, like, top three, five.
Rift some of your top five or whatever teleportation moments.
Like, what would you want to do?
Holy crap.
Yeah, you've thought about teleportation a lot.
Too much.
Yeah.
Or you can steal ones from your friends.
I guess the question that people always ask right then is can you teleport your dick into a girl's vagina?
Which...
Doesn't make sense.
It's also called rape, I think.
Dan, Dan, Dan, don't.
Is that a rape joke?
Dan, don't.
It was not a rape joke.
I really, I seriously want to know.
Can you joke about rape jokes?
Can you make a rape joke joke?
I can because I'm not famous.
You can't.
I called my grandma a nigger in that show and nobody cared.
That's right, how's that going to play in HuffPo?
By the way, Jeff Davis dropped an n-bomb too in that show.
Now are you clicking on us?
You're right, it's all about the headline.
Okay, so give me your, what's the pie in the sky teleportation?
I don't know, it's never been something so specific,
but it'd probably just be so much like funny shit to like fuck with people.
Just pranks.
Yeah, all the time.
Like that would be so fun.
Yeah, you know what else was fun?
Cummin.
But I, yeah, I wonder what would make Aaron happier,
my wiener or...
You leaving him dying on the moon.
I'd see him alone with all that money.
I could take her to Hawaii, I could take her to...
The moon.
I could take her to the moon if we find a space suit designed for, you know,
Fomky Johnson.
What?
All right.
I'm still, I mean, I'm only playing devil's advocate here.
I want to be sold on teleportation.
Anybody else out here have a good teleportation idea?
Instant skydiving.
Oh, right.
Just remember to teleport before you hit the ground.
Right.
Or before you black out.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's because you could always be falling.
That would be fun.
That would be good.
I would say this would probably be great for people that have passed their sexual prime.
I think a lot of people would choose this at the age of, like, you know, 58%.
You've got, like, Betty White teleporting around.
Yeah, Betty White would just be Robin Banks stealing everything.
There's something about the security, too, also because I'm becoming a doomsday prepper.
I've decided.
Like, that's, if you could teleport, you don't need to waste any energy doomsday prepping.
You know, you are prepped for doomsday because you're set.
Like, you're all the more secure in an event of Armageddon.
Like, it doesn't matter.
You wouldn't need a bomb shelter.
You wouldn't need anything.
You could just, like, now you could just hang out.
Like, they could go in the news today.
Gold dropped three silver points and the Russians are threatening to invade Afghanistan again.
And your friends would be like, oh man, should I buy a shotgun?
And you'd be like, I don't care.
They'd be like, kind of like being Highlander except you'd get to die at 60.
Was teleportation your ultimate superpower or are there other ones that are better?
Or would you pick that because it might balance the scales?
I think it's a good balancer.
What would be your ultimate superpower if you could have one gift?
I mean, maybe teleportation because I don't want to waste all the time I thought about it.
But I could at least just throw that out there to make sure that I cover myself.
But invisibility, flying, all that stuff's cool.
But teleportation is like flying, I guess.
What would be your big power, Jeff, if you get to choose one?
I've thought about this with Matt Groly.
We talked about superpowers that are super.
Like you could fly or you have super strength or invulnerability or whatever.
There's also mundane superpowers that you can speak every language.
The rule is you can't become a real criminal and you can't do great good with it.
So you can pick something that's kind of cool but you couldn't commit a crime by having that power.
So if I had a superpower, I'd definitely flight.
If I had a mundane power, speak every language, be able to talk to anybody in the world.
I think that would be very cool.
That would be cool.
Yeah.
Maybe you could have both and you'd be like that.
Oh, look, it's flying snob.
Bonjour!
Every time you conjugated wrong in French or something like that.
More Beaujolaises even play it.
You land and go like, it would be Seal L play because she's a woman.
Away!
Also, I thought it'd be really cool if you had the power to just be in a room full of people and just go...
Until you're enough that you just got groaning and everyone looks at you and just boom!
It burst into a pulp of hot blood and meat.
I just go, poof! I just like cover the walls and there's just flesh and brains all over everybody.
And after everybody stops screaming, reform.
Why are you embodying that?
Why are you encouraging him?
I think there's three other people that want that power and two of them got the electric chair.
Like you, Connor, I've given mundane superpowers a lot of thoughts.
Another one is the ability to jump out of any window.
It could be out of this window here at Meltdown or out of a plane or out of an Empire State building.
And jump out of a window and immediately reappear behind people that are looking at the window.
Here's a guy, mundane one.
I think we talked about this, the ability to manipulate any printed language.
If you just drive past a billboard and it says, by Levi-G, you could just make it say, go fuck yourself.
Like in the same fonts.
You could just put Alan Thicke's face up there and there's a dog on his dick.
You just wave your hand and it's like, I don't know what you call it.
I am Photoshopper.
I am Adobe.
Like when they look back though, it's back to normal and they just really fucked up by the end of the day.
You could change a Hollywood sign but for 10 seconds.
Well, I don't know. I mean, I guess that's fun but then you're just making a bunch of people think they're crazy.
If you could change billboards and then everyone was like, you gotta go up and change that.
I think that breaks my rule of you could use that for evil. You could change the constitution.
You could easily be like super banksy. You could be like subvert the government.
You could change serial numbers on money. You could use that for evil.
Well, that's the cool. I just watched one of the four movies we watched in bed today was X-Men First Class,
which is awesome by the way. I guess I'm the last to know that.
I didn't bother to watch it because there wasn't a big hubbub.
But I guess when you're 40, the hubbub doesn't reach you.
It's just 18-year-olds. Their hubbub is contained amongst each other.
They're probably at the sock hop going, X-Men First Class was great.
And then I'm just driving by in my Prius and I don't even hear it.
It's not like they're going to flag down the car. Hey, old man, you should go see X-Men First Class.
And then do a hula hoop with us.
But I finally watched it today with Aaron and it was really swell, really groovy.
To quote them in the movie. To use their parlance.
12, 12, 12.
But I thought, do you guys like X-Men First Class?
It's like a hootenanny, but with just a movie.
Dan, mundane, can't use it for evil, can't use it for good superpower.
Well, I really like the font one, really.
Just because if you really can't use it for gain.
If it's conceivable to use that to rob a bank or to commit a crime.
Well, that's why I thought of X-Men First Class is because the cool thing about these X-Men movies, the X-Men mythology,
is that if you can think of it and then you really commit to it, if someone's born with it,
you reveal that this person has figured out how to use it for good or evil when it does it.
So let's just say I can't use my photoshopping ability for good or evil.
I can only use it for entertainment. I think that's a big one for me.
Because if we could just be in a restaurant, I guess you'd get bored with it.
I would just slide the menu over to you and go, I think Special Number 3 is right up your alley.
I don't want the dick and balls to happen.
I had that last night.
Connor, you had a moment to think about this mundane superpower.
The mundane one? I've been trying to think right now.
It's a tough one. If anybody out in the audience has one, in the front row, yes, Miss?
Just hover above the ground like two inches.
Two inch hover. David Blaine.
Two inch hover is good because it's cool, but who gives a shit?
Exactly.
What about control over insects?
You could commit a crime with that.
Stand in the middle of your garage and go, whew!
And all the roaches kind of just line up in a grid.
Aquaman but for insects?
I can conceive of ways that you could use that power.
Can you conceive of any? Go with that challenge though.
There's a way that you could, I mean, there's no such thing as a power.
Exploding into a pulp on people and then reforming.
Society is defined by that. Of course you could use that.
You could go, for instance, everyone give me a million dollars or I'll come to your party.
Like no one wants you to do anything.
And they'd say, why? Go blow up my stuff.
I'm the pulp guy. Have you Google me?
And they'd go, it's cool, but when the death settles, he's just there.
That's the problem with that one is because once you've done it a few times, then word gets out.
But the window thing would always be great.
Because you'd always find somebody like, oh, World Trade Center.
That building's gone. Let me pick a better one.
I was just trying to pick a tall one.
Flashin' 12, National Tragedy Flashin' 12.
Teleport, teleport.
Yes? You got one?
If you could change your hands into tools.
Yeah, yeah.
You just want to move the baby gate and you're like, where's the number eight socket?
And then you're just like, yeah.
That would be awesome.
Yeah, but could you use that for like lock picking stuff like that?
Is it all tools or do you get like a leather man on your index finger?
Can I point something out to you, Jeff, though?
Yeah.
Damn, we're just spitballing.
Yeah, I know.
But you are hung up on this idea that there's such a thing as a power that normal people don't have
that can't be bent to a person's advantage.
Society is defined by the fact that no one has an edge.
If anyone that does have an edge has used that edge to gain power over people.
And so if you could change your hands into tools.
See, that to me gets into super power.
That's plastic man.
You're not listening to me.
All powers are super powers.
Like David Copperfield can't even actually do anything.
He can only make it look like he does some stuff and he's rich and famous.
I'm only using that as a level to say like you can't cross over into something actually useful.
He's not listening to me.
He's not listening.
It's like talking to a wall.
People keep saying, people are going like, oh, I want a fishing pole for a dick.
And you're going like, wow, I don't know if that counts because you could catch so many fish that you could like...
No, that one counts.
That one works.
No, you cannot rob a bank with a fishing pole dick.
Is that, is robbing the bank the litmus test?
Let's call it that, yes.
Okay, fine.
Anything you can't rob a bank with.
Or commit like a major crime with.
I can commit a major crime with a fishing pole dick.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
Fade in.
I come up to you and I go, hey, can I have your social security number?
No.
Can I have it if I have a fishing pole for a dick?
You know what?
All right.
Sip.
Whoa.
Where's my money?
Yeah.
And I usually, I fished it out of your pocket with a, I don't know.
If you're always able to correct someone in a conversation.
If they're wrong, you go, oh, no, actually it's this way.
You couldn't use that for evil.
They're like, oh no, this guy was born in this year.
You're like, without looking at your phone, without looking at Google.
So just the smartest person in the world.
And we don't know it until someone says the wrong thing.
And you're like, well, actually it's this.
Oh, so you don't know everything.
You just know when someone's wrong.
You just, you just have like the, like it's like word, word puts a red squiggly line underneath anything that anyone says.
It's called a super asshole.
In a room full of scientists and they all just like go through a bunch of statements.
Oh, yes.
Beef fungus bill says that a team of evil geniuses will pull them in and chain them to a chair.
Yeah.
They won't say things until like.
Yeah, they won't use them as the magic mirror.
You know, mirror, mirror of them all.
You've been undone.
Youster had been undone by beef fungus bill.
Yeah, back there.
Yeah, you can control what other people's food tastes like.
You can control what other, wow.
Control what other people's food tastes like.
That's fucked up.
Mr. President, did you enjoy your roast beef sandwich last night?
It tasted like poop, but.
Like will again, unless.
Mount Rushmore is.
My face four times.
I'll eat poop until I die before I see that happen.
Well, good.
I don't think, I don't think the OPEC will feel the same.
Yes, you sit over there.
You could turn into a duck, but you would have the brain of a duck.
Would a duck be able to control turning back into a human?
There's just a clock on it, I assume, right?
It's like, it's like one of those light switches in cheap bathrooms where.
It's a dial.
I'm going to turn into a duck and then he does a gig, a gig, a gig, a gig.
You're a duck and that's just walking around wanting to have sex with ducks
and fly south if it's cold.
It's like five, five minutes of duck.
Just don't go near like a fancy restaurant because that'd be bad news.
Or be like near people with shotguns and stuff.
But here's a big, I would do this one.
I would say you could be a duck, you could set the timer on it.
Like you could say I want to be a 10-second duck or a 10-minute duck or whatever.
But you would do whatever the duck would normally be doing,
but you would have your eyes, like you'd be seeing through the duck's eyes.
So you could fly and you could be in a pond and you could fuck another duck
and you could eat breadcrumbs and shit.
Like John Malkovich, like at the beginning of being John Malkovich.
You could eat breadcrumbs, you guys.
Dan, he picked duck. I didn't pick duck.
That is the front you could eat breadcrumbs.
B. Funkus Bill says what?
What if you're flying and the timer runs out?
You turn back into you, you just come back into your own body.
Yeah, while you're flying?
Yeah. No, no, no.
You basically just transport your soul into a duck,
but you can't control the movements of the duck.
I'd go for that, right?
Yeah?
So you just be like,
Callie?
Just like an obvious one.
You could be constantly drunk and high with no repercussions.
Constantly drunk and high with no repercussions.
Could you, like, turn that off, or do you want to turn that off?
No, but it's like you can't turn it off.
Okay.
Where's your power?
It's just to be fucked up all the time.
But with no repercussions.
That's within reach. You can have that.
Come on, let's go.
We've got other stuff we've got to do.
You can control the length of all your body hair at will.
That's practical.
And you can't rob a bank.
You can control all the hair on your body at will.
The length of it.
Well, you could maybe grow a mustache
and not have a mustache.
Okay, open a bank account as a mustache guy,
and then you're like,
if my cousin comes in here,
let him rob you.
He won't have a mustache.
I don't know how banks work.
I haven't been in one for years.
All right.
Connor, everybody.
Segment Saver.
We should have Connor come.
You think, are you a person
that's obsessed with teleportation sex questions,
or are you a person that could come up
with one of those quandaries each week?
I feel like I could do that
if I put my mind to it.
We'll give you a shot next week.
Maybe we'll put that on our notepad.
We'll have Connor's question.
Connor's question.
And if your name was Tony,
we wouldn't do it.
Because Connor sounds like a...
There's no literature.
I don't know. He sounds like he could be like a villain.
Just a riddler.
He does look like Frank Gorshan.
That's what it is. He does.
Look at Frank Gorshan. I'm gonna Google that.
You don't know? No.
He's a great Bert Lancaster impression.
12.
The young eat the old, man.
But what are they left with?
100-degree weather
and a bunch of shitty comic book movies.
Good luck.
Have fun.
I'll be laughing at you
through the worms in my eyes.
I had Night Rider.
It was a thing.
Night Rider was pretty good.
I mean...
If you go back and check
a lot of those episodes,
these lumberjacks are so corrupt.
Uh...
You know what?
I want to go back and watch the original A-Team series.
I'm pretty sure it's still good.
Because George Pappard,
a really good actor,
wore cowboy boots.
Somebody put him in a dirt pit
and they left him in the pit.
And they took his boots as a kind of final insult.
And then the rest of the A-Team found him
and he was in the pit and he's got a cigar
and he's down there in his little cargo jacket.
They're hunting vests.
And I guess Mr. T
or someone looks down at him and says,
what happened?
He goes, it took my boots.
Nobody takes my boots.
And I believe they went to commercial on that.
That to me is what TV keeps.
They took his boots.
And then he kicked everybody's ass.
A lot of that stuff doesn't hold up, though.
I mean, the thing in your head
is so much better.
You go back and...
I've talked about it before.
Don't go back and watch the Goonies.
I'll just bum you out.
Just hang on to your Goonies in your head.
Beautiful, wonderful adventure.
It's going through tunnels
controlled by dead pirates.
You don't want to go back and watch that thing
with a human brain.
Alright, we're going to bring a special guest to the stage.
Jeff, do you remember when we were at the Egyptian Theatre
after our Harmontown tour?
We did a three and a half thousand hour show.
Yeah.
It just ended a couple days ago.
Part of it was we had special guests
that were Kickstarter donors
to the show itself.
Got to come up and play
Dungeons & Dragons with us.
Yes, I do.
One of those guys is here tonight
because I was having drinks with him
Friday.
He was
bummed out about how it went down
at the Egyptian.
I guess Spencer told him to...
Why don't we bring him up?
There's a little bit of a conspiracy
happening here.
Can you guys please welcome Roy McClurg?
Thank you for coming again.
Roy, I saw you backstage
but I didn't place you from that show.
Roy is here with his lovely life
which consists
of him and his lovely wife Penny
who I
wrapped about
doing it with on stage
because she wasn't a fan of the podcast.
I don't think she's here yet.
I think she's just making up the fact she was coming.
Let's do it again.
Penny! Fuck yeah!
Roy is kind of...
You're from Dallas, Texas.
Two of you.
Good.
You're up here again.
You were just in San Francisco, right?
Yeah, last night.
You're producing some jazz album.
I'm working with a jazz artist to help him
get his new album off the ground.
I'm here with his saxophone
and play hot, steamy music for us.
Well, I've got him on here if we need it.
If anybody wants to get hot and steamy.
Can I plug in and play some of that, Roy?
Absolutely.
Do we have clearance from your friends?
We have clearance. What's his name?
You have to go off the...
Oh, this is porn.
Roy, you had to be Asian boys.
It wasn't supposed to be that.
How do you know those aren't jazz musicians, Jeff?
Are you that racist?
They weren't holding flutes.
And they weren't using them improvisationally.
They didn't recapitulate the original melody
and creative out their ways.
Jazz.
So, when you got to the Egyptian
and you kicked in some money
that we used to produce
the Egyptian show
for the right to come up
that was your Kickstarter reward
was that you got to play D&D.
So then it was you and the other guy.
Who's the other guy?
Was it Sean Sakame?
Thank you.
I forgot.
I did not name him.
That's his Twitter handle.
But you guys then...
You said he came up to you.
Well, we were in the green room before the show
and he was handing us our character sheets.
I had never done it, ever.
I was so forward to it except for listening
to Harmontown.
So he gives us the sheets
and we're reading over all these spells.
I had these nasty spells.
And he says, you know, and if you guys
want to kill somebody,
go ahead.
To me, I took that as
he wants us to kill somebody.
We were about 30 minutes trying to devise
how to kill somebody, who to kill.
And even during the show, we're sitting
in the front row going, okay, now who?
How are we going to do this? What are we going to be?
And it went back and forth, back and forth.
And when we got on stage, we completely
just crapped ourselves.
And what transpired was, I mean,
Jeff and I were six sheets to the wind.
I was sober.
That was probably one of the most insane
D&D sessions ever.
I think the characters just ended up sitting
and alternately attacking each other.
Right.
And then being like, hey, play it cool.
No one knew what the hell was going on.
I got to a point where all I did was
look at the sheet and see the spells I could cast
and go, uh, inflict
moderate damage.
And that's all I said. And he'd have to
prompt me on who. I didn't know.
I just pointed this way.
So I told Roy, you should come down
on Sunday and we should play D&D again
because he was...
He's a grown man.
It's not going to affect the rest
of his life, but I could feel that
you were looking back on the Egyptian show
and going like, I think I did something wrong.
No, I was looking at it that I drank
too much.
I remember that moment very well.
And I couldn't think of a better way
to underscore the emotions that were going on
than Michael LinkedIn's track,
Heat.
The lights have gone down.
So this is what they listen to
in Texas, huh?
Okay, I got to defend him. They listen to him
everywhere.
Everywhere. Listen to Michael LinkedIn
pick up his CDs. He's got seven of them.
All right, so
I want to bring Spencer up
so we can hold...let's continue
this dialogue. Spencer, are you
here? He's coming.
He's coming.
Hey everybody, welcome
Spencer Crittenden to the stage.
Oh yeah, you listen
into the cool sounds of Michael LinkedIn.
Is that what it was?
Yeah, yeah.
You go into the Northeast Passage
a moss-covered wall
yields two exits.
For those of you
with low light vision tonight,
you're going to see a couple tripwires.
This is sexy.
Sexy Spencer.
Spencer, can you
when we start D&D, will you do all the
the exposition as sexy
jazz guy? I could try that.
Yes, you're going to try it, my friend.
You're going to try it. All right, Spencer
let's...why
did you tell? I was in danger
I thought I was going to be misrepresented
but he played it pretty straight.
That's pretty much how it happened. You tell people
to kill us?
Would you feel comfortable admitting
how much you kicked in on that kickstarter
on the Egyptian?
Couple bucks?
Yeah, if you pay a couple bucks
anyone who pays a couple bucks
I'd say deserves a chance
to if not kill someone
at least attempt to kill
a pretend version of them
on a stage show.
I think we tried to kill each other pretty hard
for about 45 minutes. I wouldn't say it was that hard.
You guys
you guys...wait
are you going to try to kill us again tonight?
He didn't tell me to.
I never told you to. I just said
feel free if you'd like to. It's like the Jedi
mind trick he said. If you'd like to kill them
you want to kill them, don't you?
Yeah, I did say it like that.
All right.
Well, let's get our...
Let's get our other D&D players
Kumail Nanjiani and Erin McGathy out now.
You can say it. I'll just stand.
I could stand here.
No, you...
Okay.
I'm okay standing.
Oh, yeah. We need another mic.
Oh, yeah.
Ooh.
Here, Aaron. There's a gold mic for you
or Dan?
May I describe my everyday
superpower?
Dan?
Yes, yes.
Jeff mentioned that I immediately
knew what it was because I think I've thought about this
for a long time.
I would like to
smell like a childhood
memory of whomever I'm talking to.
At will, I can decide
who, like, if I'm talking to somebody,
I'm like, ah, a little too much
than I don't smell like anything.
But, like, if I really want to please somebody,
I immediately smell like
the plastic balls of Chuck E. Cheese
or whatever, and they immediately associate me
with something positive, and it's more than
someone just liking me.
So, just pee.
If that's what it is.
Immediately, I'm
familial and important
in someone's life, and they respect me.
I would,
if I could pick a superpower for you, it would be
the least weird
pronunciation of the word important.
Aaron, would you say
you want to be important?
I mean, okay.
Just say it casually.
Just go, you know what's really important to me?
My relationship with
Dan and my friendship with Jeff are both very
important.
That's not how you say it.
Important.
Important is really good.
I like it.
I like important.
I think it's important
to wait am I exaggerating it now?
No, it's fine. Also, Colin was
so great up here, but did you just
honor her?
I can't believe you guys don't know who Frank Gorschen is,
by the way. We're in the back of a comic
bookstore. I just think it's very important
to know people's names.
I'm sorry. She pronounces
Colin, though, as part of her mispronunciation.
Yeah, you guys remember everything.
Connor was great up here,
but did you just ask him to do a game corner
every week?
Is that kind of what happened? I mean, that's really cool
and really awesome. And Connor, if you want
to van away to your game corner,
I can hold up a sign with either thing.
No, we're good.
It was more of like a fire starter,
like kind of topic
he'd be providing,
I think. Yeah, it's just like a quick thing.
It's still a game. It's still
something that I could do.
You don't own games.
I know I don't own games.
I wonder what it would smell like to you,
Jeff. What? I don't know.
No.
Probably your mom's freshly washed
hair or something. That's not an insult.
My mom's dead, too.
My mom's also dead.
You're so important. Can I tell you what my
mundane power is that won't hurt anyone?
I would want to beat the rock for five minutes
to control him,
like being general garbage.
No, I don't even care if I have no agency.
I just want to see how people see the rock.
And it could be any five minutes
a day, if it's once it's like
rock taking a dump, then I'm like,
now I know what it feels like to be the rock
taking a dump.
You know, he came up with a community
writer's room. For some reason we were talking
about the Flintstones. And then one of the
writers said,
do you think that
the rock
in the modern reboot of the Flintstones
would his name just be
the everything?
And I peed a little, because
those aren't the kind of jokes that go
into community, but we
have a lot of fun. They keep the room up.
We hired some smart, funny people.
I think the rock looks
like if all the race is fucked.
The rock looks
like the future. He's biracial, isn't he?
He's something like part Samoan,
part, I don't know, what am I?
He's part something,
part something, and he's definitely yet
another piece of evidence that
what do they call it?
Interracial, mixing.
Right.
There was
a fancier word for
get out. That's the opposite of the fancy
word for that.
It is not
miscegenation, sir.
There's also a really fancy word for Brazil nuts,
I can't remember.
Sir, could you?
Whatever, anyways. We had a guest a long time ago.
Did we ever air that, or was that back before
Harmony Town aired? That might be pre-pop.
We had a guy who wrote a book about
how biracial people are
healthier, the idea
that biracial people are physically healthier,
and in fact more attractive
to us. For sure, I mean I've seen
biracial babies and they're gorgeous.
And it was based on the attractiveness
thing, how do you measure attractiveness,
and for him it all boiled down to
symmetry. You can actually measure
the amount of symmetry in your face.
It was
pop science, I mean the guy wasn't like a
qualified scientist, but he wrote a very interesting
compelling book about this thing. So not a qualified
scientist is not a scientist.
Right.
He was a guy with opinions.
He was a guy that researched and wrote a book.
He looked a bunch of like biracial kids and was like
these are pretty cute. Yeah, I mean it was
kind of like, the back of the book was like
isn't Holly Berry hot?
I mean look at it, most of the
words are just look at this one!
It's just pictures of babies.
Benjamin Bratt, yum, yum!
Yeah, Tiger Wayne
is kicking ass. Yeah, me likey.
Over and over.
There's some biracial guy under a bridge
somewhere eating out of a
bed going like, yeah it's great.
We're all super human, go fuck yourself.
I think this might sound a little
non-PC, but any non-Asian race
with any Asian race, those babies,
first of all Asian babies already
are like so cute.
Like take it down a notch,
you're making the rest of us.
I see an Asian baby sitting there
wooing. And Roy,
Roy, we're not talking about
your internet history, we're not talking about
those kind of Asian babies.
Then they were babies.
Didn't you look?
They had their flutes.
Maybe they don't have flutes.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Asian with
non-Asian, who's a classic celebrity?
Well, I think
who's a classic celebrity?
Tyson Beckford is half black
and half Asian and he looks like
it makes him believe in God again.
Lucy Liu is
half Asian and half white and
she's very beautiful.
This is the book, we're recapping the book.
It's chapter 3, Lucy Liu.
Right? It's just right?
Who's with me?
The index of his book is
Lucy Liu,
You Go Girl,
32, 49.
Alright. My real, I'll tell you what my,
yes, you have a, what, I don't know.
You have a problem?
Here's, we just let them run rampant.
Go ahead.
We have a hand up in the front row.
I actually wanted to say
that I made some D&D themed
gifts for everybody here.
Oh, somebody made
D&D themed gifts.
Oh, nice. She's brought gifts that are
D&D themed for us.
Oh, is it gift time?
Is Seek here?
Are you here?
Can you come up here while she's
here? Yeah?
You sound like you're locked in a chest.
Do you want to wait till later, Seek?
Adam Goldberg.
While he comes up,
I can say this, are we waiting for him to come up?
Oh, he's here. Yeah.
Seek is a long time Armenian.
He's been struggling with
he's an aneurysm survivor
and did a Kickstarter
to do this comic book about
a superhero who knows
his days on earth are numbered
and is seeking to go and like
make amends with all his super fillet.
It's a great idea. It's pretty amazing.
How can we talk about anything else
again ever?
He brought
copies of the book that he wanted to
Sorry, you got overshadowed.
Like, I brought cupcakes.
Yeah, well, he survived
an aneurysm.
I love
cupcakes.
No, actually what I brought was something a little bit rarer
than the book. We sold out of the book
thanks to Dan's support. I don't know if you guys know,
but on his birthday,
he donated to the book
and made it possible and it's been
my dream to make a comic book
and ever since I was eight years old
and he made it possible.
And then he tweeted to you guys to donate too
and a lot of you guys donated.
On his birthday, which I thought was
made the whole book worth it. So what I did was I made a very
Yeah, I had candles to blow out that day.
But what I did was I made
a very special print.
I lost my
I had a lot of damage to my temporal lobe,
which means a lot of my visual memories are gone.
Visual memories?
All your memories.
All right, so like
I can't remember a lot of things
visually, so it
parts from me to draw, I used to draw.
Kevin Eastman, who is the creator of the Ninja Turtles.
Yeah. And he said,
well, I want to draw something with you.
So when you draw something and then I'll
ink it and
I said, well, that would be a dream come true.
And he goes, well, let's do it and make it a exclusive
thing. So it's a
very limited number of print.
Oh, cool.
That I drew the girl
and he inked it and did the rest.
So we just made 200 of these
and I wanted to give everyone here.
Okay, great.
That's amazing.
All right, we'll seek hands those out,
lady. Do you want to follow that?
Yeah. I survived
double cancer.
What if she did
ratchet it up
and painted herself into this corner?
What was your
What was your name?
Samantha.
Here, take the mic and tell us
what you brought for everybody.
So I just made
keychains with everybody's
D&D character names.
And I made special ones
for Spencer and Kumail.
Does it just say God on
Spencer's?
So I made about like 70,
so I'm not sure if there's enough for everybody,
but I made special ones for you guys.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, Samantha, for the personalized
D&D keychains.
After the show, also,
one of you here,
we're raising a barn.
What if we just became
a weird insular community?
Somebody brought a bushel of corn
and we just all helped each other.
Thank you.
Mine says Quark.
You dropped one.
If we were good people, we would have a food drive once in a while.
Did you get one? I do. I have Quark.
Yeah, that would be something
we could do. Speaking of charity,
as long as we're in this warm, glowing portion,
Roy, you were telling me about
a charity that you support over drinks.
You don't just support it over drinks,
but...
It's easier, too.
There's a charity starting
called After School All-Stars.
And I'm part of
the Dallas chapter.
And what this organization does
is it takes
at-risk kids
from three to six. You get some drunk?
Yeah.
That's why they're at risk.
That's why. I just pulled
apart. Dan, you're like the incredible
Hulk. Like, I can't love
these
hands.
Dan managed to destroy one of the keychains,
and now there's these
hand-made keychains. I just destroyed mine
in front of Samantha.
Oh, you got one. Great.
Okay. That one I'm going to put in my pocket and put in my...
I'm sorry about that.
That is awful.
All right.
Sorry, Roy. The charity...
Well, so anyway, they don't get drunk.
What they do is they
help channel the kids into
whatever programs they have an interest in,
and they specify in the arts
in drama,
painting, acting,
music, because there's not enough of that
in the schools now, especially 7th, 8th,
9th grade kids. So they
create programs for these kids to do after school,
so they're not out just roaming the street
and getting in trouble,
breaking the law, that kind of thing. And they also do
some sports programs also for them.
What's it called again? It's called After School All Stars.
Cool. So you can pull it up online. It's a really
nice charity. You can
donate to it. You can also...
They look for mentors. So they look for people
who are interested in just
hanging out with these kids and
pushing them in the right direction,
rather than getting in trouble all the time.
So it's a nice charity.
And also, like our country being a capitalist
nation, that
is supposed to be an innovative,
like, industrial
nation. We're supposed to come up with
ideas and create things
which justifies our
kind of hegemony and
where we have been
as we have been entering the
global economy, have been scaling
back on
our educational programs. And the first
corners that we've been cutting are the
corners that send kids into
spheres where they become
creative. Right. The whole creativity
thing is gone now. They don't
have art programs. They don't have music programs.
If you see somebody
that, you know, that
7th grader who picks up a trumpet
and decides to start playing it, there's
nobody to sit there. Right. He goes to school and
goes, I found this weird thing I blew into.
It made a noise and the teacher's like, yeah,
are you going to be a mechanic or a math teacher?
Yeah, right.
I feel so
sad.
No, it's good.
We're helping. You
have money to help the kids.
No, it's great. It's great. It's all very sad.
Well, there's also like
avian flu and Yellowstone parks going to turn
into a super volcano. Like any
minute now your heart could stop.
You can't draw anymore.
That's so awful.
Yeah. Well, welcome to
Harmont. Well, they can draw.
They teach kids to draw. It's good.
They'll all be painters.
I was going to
say one real quick thing for real
superpower. Mine would be
I'm just trying to make it happy again.
You didn't have one?
Well, I would, my genuine real one
would be time travel. I would do that
just because I've eaten a lot of shitty pizza,
you know. They're just like, hey,
don't eat it. It's not
great. That's deep. That's very deep.
Dude, you've had shitty pizza. It's no
good. Knowing you already got
all the calories of a
good pizza, but it tastes, listen, we could
talk about this. I was going to say,
I went to Chicago and asked
everybody I met in Chicago, people that worked
in restaurants and bars and people that were locals.
I polled everybody. What's the best pizza
in town? I went to a place. It was the shittiest
slice of pizza I've ever had in my life. What was it called?
I don't remember. But it was like one
of the biggies and it was garbage.
I'm full of shit pizza right now.
I could have gone back in time.
Camille, tell everyone about your charity slice of life.
It's about people
who've had shitty pizza.
Yeah, it's really great.
And they're a Nike fuel band now.
They have to run so much more
and keep up with it. So this doesn't
take money away from them
so they can't eat and then they
lose that weight. I was actually thinking for a second
like, oh, that would be a good Monday
super par. The idea to throw a switch
where you could just eat whatever you wanted
and your body wouldn't process it. And I was like, oh, bulimia?
Yeah.
You can have that power.
The power of condor
feather.
But we were saying like, you know how everyone says
go back, kill Hitler. I was talking
to my friends Tom Lennon and Matt Meyer who were like very funny
and I'm not name-dropping, I just want to give them credit.
You're not name-dropping if the name is Matt Myra.
Yeah.
Okay.
I thought Tom Lennon was doing the heavy
lifting of that name drop.
Did you add Myra
for ballast?
Well, I'm just kidding.
We were saying it would be much more
productive if you went back
to with like
a bunch of Steven Spielberg movies to show
Hitler and be like, hey look, they're not
they're pretty good, right?
Yeah.
But don't show him Schindler's list
because he's like, oh, this is what Oscar's doing
and then
like you mean he'd be like, oh
oh, he's like, oh, this is what this guy's been doing
that I've been trusting. He's got a list.
Oh god, oh god, he would use it
to kill Schindler. Yeah, he would kill Schindler.
Or at least take his list.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
How about go back a little further?
A little further before he met Oscar?
I don't know.
Well, you don't want to kill like 28-year-old
Hitler. No, I don't want to kill him.
Like it would be weird, like he'd be like
hanging out at a coffee shop
and like playing Yahtzee
and you come up and you're just garroting him
and it's like, oh, Nazi.
Where would Hitler's favorite childhood memory
smell like?
His dad's booze soaked breath as he
dragged him home from the Austrian bars.
Or also don't...
Oh yeah, I read Mein Kampf.
It's hard out there for a Hitler.
Headline?
Dan Harmon says...
Michael Ozziello.
Dan Harmon, soft on Hitler.
Hitler's not so bad.
Dan Harmon.
Harmon says he'd like to picnic with Stalin.
After Harmon did a cosmetic
gesture of bringing up
the aneurysm guy, he proceeded
into the meat of his lecture.
And he called him the aneurysm guy.
Also, total
teleportation.
Right?
Like between the two things.
Just thinking about that discussion.
Obviously, teleportation.
Oh, would you do...
Will you okay if I can't come anymore if I can teleport?
Well, I was going to say this.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say that
Aaron is not with you because of your dick.
Like...
I don't mean that in a bad way.
You can have the best dick in the world, I have no idea.
Honey, honey, take a vacation.
But guys, you should read his dick.
I mean, it is.
The wording, it's beautiful.
It's very concise.
It's like a dick digest.
It's very well edited.
My dick is a haiku.
But may I just really quick ask you
about this fleet of
virile gentlemen
who are going to fuck me?
And can I also ask you what you think
my sexuality is?
Because it's certainly not
just having someone
hammer my pussy.
I think you would have a say
in the matter.
He doesn't have a team of guys.
I'd be like, baby, pick a continent.
I'm going to round you up.
Hi, I'm Aaron.
My boyfriend made an arrangement.
You want to go equatorial tonight?
I'll be right back.
You want something spicy tonight?
Serpent turf?
Serpent turf.
I don't know what that means, but I like it.
It means Omar Sharif
and Tony Hawk.
Serpent turf.
I like that.
You want to stay for Italian
tonight?
I would have you scour the earth
for men with your same brain
and heart.
But who chose sex
instead of teleportation?
I would choose teleportation
over sex. I love having sex.
But you know what I love more?
Being able to go anywhere
in the snap of a
two fingers.
But also, if you
are giving up sex, it's not like
your drive is also dead, right?
I mean, you probably still have it.
That would be a good concept.
I mean, sex is great, but past the age of 20,
it's not like this magical diamond
that you search for at the end of a cave.
I've had a ton of sex. I don't give a shit.
No, if you couldn't have sex,
if you still had the sexual drive
and you never had sex,
imagine when I was 12 to
21. I mean, I think about it all the time.
I don't want to go back to that
where all I wanted to do was have sex
and the one thing I couldn't do was have sex.
But you magically go anywhere
that's what teleportation is, right?
Who are you impressing with?
I didn't think the drive would be there.
But also, you
can go anywhere.
It just takes a little longer. You could get on a plane.
There's places you could go to.
That's not true. You can't
just travel to
Queen Elizabeth's
bathroom.
I can't say I would like to book a trip.
But teleportation means that you can go
anywhere, right?
I also love that you guys
could go anywhere in the first place you talked about
was ground zero.
Well, you could go to ground zero.
Well, we were not today.
We're going to put a flower there.
We were talking about
if it happened
while it was happening, if we had that power
if another 9-11 happened.
You'd save like 200 people.
But you're calling Blinkly.
You're like, oh, I can barely do anything.
They're professionals trying here.
But the crazy thing is you'd go nuts because you'd go,
okay, 9-11, which is like the Mick Jagger
of global
events.
That's going to be a variety for sure.
And then you'd go like,
what about the pixies of constant starvation
and global world?
The class system's like, I can't use
my teleportation. I can try
to feed people.
You'd be like Santa Claus.
You would just have a big
sack of food.
It's not like
there would ever be a point where you could take a break.
Every time you did, you'd
know the faces of the people
that you let go hungry.
So you're saying if you had teleportation
you would just travel giving food to people
who don't have access to food?
I think you would fall into that because otherwise
you couldn't even enjoy. What are you going to do?
Teleport to the tip of the pyramid, like some jagoff
and go like, woo!
While you know that in Africa
there's people, you could just bring them
antibiotics.
Erin, where would you go if you could teleport?
Where would you pop off to, like first off?
Not the most important, but what were some
places you would like to be?
Okay.
So if there's
a super Parisian couple
that was really
Parisian people
are really curious to me.
I'd like to go into a couple's apart. Are you invisible?
You can do Airbnb.
You're not invisible. You're a person.
Okay, that's fine.
You want to just watch people fucking Paris?
No! You can have that arranged very easily.
Well, yes, but not like first.
Wait, wait.
Tell me more about Parisian people.
The first place I would go, well,
this is a very boring answer.
I've always wanted to go to India.
I would go to India.
Kumail's home, India.
I would want to see Kumail's parents.
Why don't you use your superpower to get it too?
I'd like to see
Kumail's magic carpet in India.
And
you can give you a tour of the set
of Outsourced.
Shot on location.
They shot there, didn't they? Did they shoot in India?
They did shoot there.
Do you know?
Oh, I don't want to talk about that show.
Do we know that you were asked to audition
for that show? I'm just guessing.
We can assume.
Yes, I was.
I would just want to go anywhere.
I mean, first, I would probably want to go
from Los Feliz to Beverly Hills in a second
instead of five hours.
This is better than...
I also would very much miss having sex.
I like having sex. I definitely want to have children.
Enjoy having sex with Dan.
We have great, wonderful,
fulfilling, emotional,
romantic
sex that is meaningful
and great...
Sorry.
And four times!
Technical difficulties. Technical difficulties.
Stick with us, you guys.
Disney!
All right. Spencer, Spencer,
where would you teleport to?
What? Or a superpower choice?
I'd teleport to a place where people
take these games. Oh, sorry.
It only worked that way. It was overlapped.
It wouldn't have worked in the other way.
What's up, you guys?
By the way, I didn't know that
two weeks ago, your dad played
my character.
I'm so honored
and I'm not even doing a bit.
In my head, your dad looks exactly
like Gandalf.
Yeah.
The white. The white.
So he's even above the gray.
I'm very excited.
I never met your dad.
What is your definition of honor?
Is your dad awesome?
No.
That only makes you a bigger
conundrum to me.
They're still going through some stuff.
Yeah, life is going
through some stuff, you know?
That's right.
Did that show bring you guys any closer,
or did it push you farther apart, or did it
change anything? I don't really know.
It never, it didn't
affect anything.
I missed that.
I don't know what the history is.
Nothing happened.
It's all stagnant.
Let's make something happen, Spencer.
I want you to give us the character sheets,
and I want you to introduce
D&D tonight to the
sweet, mellifluous,
honey-flowing notes of Michael LinkedIn's
Smooth Jazz.
Here's the track name.
I've already played Heat. That's when you've been hearing.
So stay with me.
Everything must change.
That doesn't sound romantic.
Everyone is called When I Hold You.
What do you guys want to do?
When I hold you?
Okay.
Are any of these lyricized?
No, that's all instrumentals.
Alright.
Can you give it your smooth jazziest best?
I can give it my most
embarrassingly honest attempt.
That's all we ever ask from you, Spencer.
Alright, shall we?
Spencer Crittenden and everybody.
Thank you.
Start.
Last time on Harmontown,
our heroes
having been whisked through a tree
by means of rooty wood growth,
the third, were brought
to Mango Butzolot's yellow camp
home of the Butzolot's Barbarians.
The group
was horrified to discover demons
infesting the encampment.
Leaping into action,
Christopher stabbed a demonic taskmaster,
and Sharpie
blasted him with fire.
Mulraine and Quark had a brief
aside before attacking
the demon.
Daggers, swords,
knives flew and the demon
was slain.
The heroes broke out of the bonds
of two chained barbarians,
who were short-lived.
Boozing out of a massive pit,
came
several slimy lemurs
that Sharpie
entangled the wriggling
mass
with his spring-powered
vines.
The lemurs were trapped
for now.
But will our heroes be able
to use their borrowed time
wisely and bring back
the barbarian badass
before the brief bramble barricade
is breached by the blobby
brutish lemurs?
Eliteration.
Is sensual.
Sibilance.
We'll find out next
on Harmon Time.
I'm really feeling this.
This is some great tunes.
Sorry to cut off your praise.
That was awesome, man. Thank you so much.
I didn't hear a single thing you said because of my giant
throbbing erection right now.
You're just beating in your ears.
Jeff!
I could pet glass right now.
All right.
So I'm wounded right now?
I take it no one listened to me.
I didn't hear a thing you said.
Jeff, last week you and I
made a pact.
But I don't think Jeff was...
Oh, you were Jeff.
I was playing Jeff. You were playing Quark.
I was playing you.
A day I made the decision to have Adam Goldberg
play me.
The role he was born to play.
He, you, didn't agree to the pact
if I remember correctly.
No, we did.
He thought better of it in his mind,
but outwardly he accepted.
What you might be thinking of is that the point of the bit
was that Jeff would never agree to it,
so it seems weird.
But he did.
What was the pact?
You and I are making an alliance and we're best friends
and we got each other's backs forever.
We love each other and everything's great.
I, uh,
you remind me of that right now
and I hold out my amulet of winter
and I go,
sounds cool to me.
And I hold out my amulet of summer
and I say,
uh, hot it up.
Ooh.
Boo.
Those are demons booing you.
I mean, you're right, that wasn't funny and didn't make sense.
The boo is really...
But the answer is yes, the pact is agreed upon.
Alliance?
Well, and I say, let me melt your assholeness
with my amulet of summer.
And I say, go fuck off, you shit.
Well, that's the end of that alliance.
No, no, no.
I just said it was cool with me and you called me names.
Oh, well, I apologize.
I thought you were fighting it off. I'm a little defensive.
No, no, I was saying, I was saying it sounds cool to me.
Hey guys, we're supposed to fight demons.
Can we figure out this fact once we...
Were you saying it's cool?
I'm saying it's cool with me.
I'm sorry, everybody.
Did I tell you about my sweet, sensual sex with Dan Harriman?
Dan Harriman.
You guys all saw that.
I said it was cool and she called me an asshole.
You're right, you're right, you're right.
I thought when you said...
This pact is on probation already.
Probationary pact.
To the east, a large pit
out of which slithered
those seven lemurs,
those ones that got entangled in Sharpie's vines.
To the west,
the two freed barbarian allies
are freeing more trapped barbarians.
You see one
semi-familiar.
You think you might have saw him last on the plane of Twyla.
He's a half-orc gentleman with gleaming armor
and a broad axe.
He's one of those slaves?
He was one of those slaves.
Or he was chained up as if he were one of those slaves.
Oh, okay.
But his bonds being freed,
he trots up towards you.
So where did we land on the pact?
Are you guys...
I said cool, she called me an asshole.
I'm kind of on the facts right now.
Half-orc gentleman.
I remember you.
I
often own up to the fact
that I'm an alcoholic
and have frequent blackouts.
Could you remind me of where we met?
Go for it.
As do I.
I don't remember either.
We must have met somewhere.
It's Roy.
Yeah.
Here's the character.
What's Roy's name?
What's your name?
Slab Squat Thrust.
Hey, that's Slab Squat Thrust.
Oh, Squat Thrust.
Hey, what's up?
Remember when we freed you
from your bonds like 30 seconds ago?
That was you?
That was us.
Wait a minute, you're Kristen Berg.
I've heard of you.
Yeah, you like that song?
Lady in Red?
The one song, yeah, it's amazing.
It's a great song.
Did you write anything else?
Yep.
You heard Woman in Green?
Bitch in Yellow
was a real bad point.
I was in the 90s, I was in your gangster period.
I was trying to be relevant.
Sorry, is the first name Slab
or Slab Squat?
Slab Squat.
Okay, last name Thrust.
Have you been since we've seen you last, SST?
What, 30 seconds ago?
I'm okay.
We are getting attacked by these bad guys.
Yeah, but we got to reacquaint each other
before we do anything, right?
I heard about a pack that was going on.
I make a pack with Slab Squat Thrust.
So I don't have a packed person?
You can join our pack.
We want to do a three-way pack.
Let's you and I do a packed
and then he'll stand in between
and our pack to rub up against each other.
But just the tip.
What do you think packed means?
Yeah, let's do it.
And while they're doing that, I go up to Quark
and I'm like, hey, sorry, that's a really great item.
Yeah, I was jazz-dicking.
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever, it's cool. We're good.
Oh, God, that was a good pack.
Yeah.
I could have used some music, but...
Hey, why are you guys so wet?
Don't worry about it.
Yeah, we're...
After-packed.
Um...
All right, let's attack.
Let's attack some demons.
After-packed.
So, yeah,
you know, you tangled up those demons and vines.
Yeah.
Those are the closest demons,
but on the north, you see a tall demon.
He's gray-skinned
and skinny-styled.
And he's got a scraggly beard
made out of tentacles, and he's wielding a fiery whip.
He's about 300 feet off,
but he sees you over there,
and he's coming towards you.
Is he a mind flayer?
He's not.
I asked that before.
What do you want skinny-style?
Like a hipster, jeans?
Yeah, well, he's nude,
like a hipster.
But like a demon.
He's holding a giant cup of coffee
and has headphones around his neck.
Uh...
All right, I...
I engage him
ocularly,
meaning I make eye contact.
Okay.
And I hold up a finger,
like kind of a...
just kind of a badass, like, don't...
Like a not-today kind of eyes?
Yeah, like, don't just don't.
Like a Jeremy Renner kind of...
Don't.
Just don't.
He does.
Well, I told him not to.
As he continues his approach,
he throws down his whip,
and he flexes his flexible fingers,
and you can see blue and red flames
dancing about his hands,
breathing his arms, and flaming and flames.
I throw down whatever I'm holding,
and I...
And I use shocking grasp.
I wreathe my arms in electricity.
You're about 150 feet off.
Yeah.
Okay, can I try the don't thing
against this guy?
Yeah, yeah.
He don't!
Maybe he didn't hear.
Maybe you weren't loud enough.
Don't!
He does.
I mean, he said there's a
non-conflict resolution for this.
Sometimes maybe it's saying don't.
What if all five of us did at the same time?
Everybody?
Yeah.
One, two, three, don't.
Wait, don't on three?
No, one, two, three, don't.
Don't is four.
One, two, three, don't!
Don't!
He does.
Goddamn it!
This guy's...
At the very least, he's confused, right?
Okay.
Can he roll his eyes at least?
No.
Let's try one more thing together.
Okay.
One, two, three, one, two, three, don't.
That ball chain pivot.
And then can we say you look...
Two steps, kick turn, kick turn.
Kick turn, don't.
Okay.
Five, can we recap that real quick?
I'm sorry.
Guys, we opened in two nights.
Guys, I'm sorry.
Sharpie, what if we say
you look great or something?
Keep on, keep it up.
Alright, well, I say don't
change
what you're doing with your hair.
It's working.
Right.
We should each get a different compliment, so I'll be like
that's working.
And we all compliment a different aspect of him.
I talked to a nearby animal.
Are there any animals nearby?
No, no.
I was going to have like a wolf go...
That's great.
I'm a woman.
Yeah, so it'll mean more.
What?
It'll mean more, your compliment will mean more.
I'll do that wolf whistle
and I'll cover my breasts
as if I'm afraid they're going to explode from a rousal.
Which is what happens
every time a woman gets aroused.
Is that they swell up to the point of explosion.
Which is why you chose teleportation.
Let's do it.
Alright, alright.
So it's 5, 6, 5...
5, 6, 7, 8, right?
5, 6, 5, 6, 7, 8,
kickball change,
kick...
It's really working.
Yeah.
Is that him?
No, no, he's like...
And I lay on the ground and they give thumbs up
and like a wink.
But I also make it clear
that I don't want him to do anything.
But I'm just like,
you're doing it, you're doing it.
Spencer, I noticed that my
strength and constitution are lower right now.
What happened last week?
I don't know.
They just haven't been changed.
You guys had stat modifier
penalties from losing your shadows.
I might not have changed those.
Alright, so...
He's 150 feet away from us right now.
He's closer now.
What's the battlefield
that we're on look like?
You're in the middle of this area.
There's a pit near you.
It's kind of blocking it off and there's those slimy devils.
Yeah, yeah, then there's
Roy and he came from kind of the north
area.
I said we send Roy in first.
A slap squad, remember when we let you free?
Right.
This is your big chance to
do all that Egyptian anxiety
from that show.
You want fame, Roy? I mean, slap squad? Well, fame costs.
Right now is where you start paying.
In sweat.
Roy, I'm going to give you my feather necklace
just so you look cuter.
Thank you, I appreciate that's nice.
We tried don't, right?
Yeah, we tried don't.
We tried complimenting him, we did a dance routine.
Right, okay.
Spencer, am I close enough
to actually do anything to this thing?
You could...
Searing light is the only thing you'd hit him with.
The rest you'd have to be pretty close.
Alright, well let's hit him with searing light.
Okay,
praying to your gods.
You see a light open up in the heavens
and a shaft of white light
pierces down from the sky
and blasts directly into
the devil's face.
Wow.
He's the devil?
He's a devil.
Okay, cool.
I wish we'd known that before we tried
all these other weird tactics.
We thought he was Bob Fosse.
I thought he was like World Dollars BFT.
Yeah.
I was literally picturing Michael McDonald
walking everybody like, hey, how's it going?
What's up?
I definitely said demon.
But when I said devil,
you guys clued in and I was like, oh, devil,
not demon, that's just a normal human.
Okay, anyway,
it does 16 damage.
Whoa!
Can you have a catchphrase?
Like, you've been thrust!
Isn't that your name?
Yeah, but I'm not going to use that as a
almost like a come on.
All right, well, you don't have to use it.
I'm sorry.
Write another song.
You've been thrust!
Can I have it?
Yeah, sure.
Who's next, Spencer?
It would be Kumail's next.
So if I become invisible,
can I be invisible and then also step?
You could do both,
but you're too far away to
get over to him right now.
Okay, well, so I do have a poison dagger.
Yep.
Shoot that poison dagger!
Or the shortbow.
How about this?
I
tie a rope to the poison dagger
and I throw it.
God damn it.
Can we have an intervention?
Well, then I can pull it back.
I know why you do it.
I feel like it's my signature move
at this point.
Ever worked.
Not yet.
Can you imagine a rope and a dagger
and tying the rope to the dagger?
It's not like an Atari game.
No, it looks like Scorpion from Mortal Kombat
to get over here.
It's cool!
Get over here!
I think it's cool.
Instead of, I say,
human thrust!
All right,
I just throw the knife at him.
Yeah, yeah. You threw the knife.
Wait, was it roped or not roped?
Which is better.
Keep the rope on it, man.
Tell him, Spencer.
A rope would make a knife less accurate,
but you would be able to reel it in.
How much less accurate?
Like minus two.
Oh, that's worth the fuck it.
Minus two?
Yeah, I tie the rope.
Woo!
Human thrust!
All right, well, yeah, yeah.
You tie and throw the dagger
and you strike the demon in the temple.
Oh.
And he's Jewish?
Hello!
Okay.
Dealing two damage.
Two damage, but it's a poison dagger,
so it'll slowly work its way.
Devils are immune to poison.
My dad ran into that same problem.
Oh, really?
Yeah, yeah.
If I dip it in, like, vitamin C,
would that have hurt him?
No.
Okay.
All right, who's next?
Kumail Dan.
Yeah, we're just going this way.
All right, well, can I
reach this guy with shocking grasp?
No, you'd have to not
be able to.
You have to.
All right, well, then I...
Why don't we approach him?
Let's close the distance.
All right, fine, I'm marching towards him
and I got my arms crackling with ferocious
electric energy and I'm like,
I said, don't!
But you did!
Now I'm gonna...
someone's goods to get got.
I'm turning a glass of champagne
behind him as his hype man.
Yeah, that happens.
Putting it at Mulraine's turn.
Okay.
I put four of my arrows
and I weave them into my rope to make a necklace.
See what you do?
She's made a rope necklace.
A necklace of a rope.
I made a necklace that I know will fit
the devil's neck and I put
arrows in it in a way that are like
spikes on the necklace.
Like a collar.
Like a collar, but bigger than a collar.
And as everyone knows,
I make great rope necklaces.
So I run up
to where Sharpie is
and I say, oh my god, I found her necklace.
Assuming that he'll be like,
oh my necklace and put it on.
To Sharpie?
No, no, no.
To the devil.
Yeah, you're still too far off,
but you could get that prepped
for when he's actually nearby.
But you know, he doesn't know
who you are.
No, I know, but if a stranger came up
to me and they're like, oh my god,
you dropped your phone, I'd be like,
I've never seen before in your life
in your natural history.
And it looked like a spiky murder necklace?
No, no, no.
He doesn't see the spikes.
They're woven in.
The idea is that he'll tie it
on his neck and it will prick his neck
and he'll bleed out.
I'm on board.
And I'll be the victor.
You made a pact with this?
Yeah, I made a pact.
So I run up and I go, look, this sounds
like it, but I'm with you all the way,
if I can help you in any way
with this necklace gambit, I'm there.
Okay, you absolutely can.
I'll make it and I'm going to give it to you
so you can deliver it.
I'm with you.
So I just make it and I give it
to my friend Quirk.
So you could also travel up
his body and put it around his neck.
I made a pact.
You tell me what to do and it's done.
I really like the, oh, you lost this.
I don't have to say it confidently.
I'll give it, do it in whatever method you want.
You think it's better coming from a barbarian
gnome than a woman?
I mean,
I mean, you're a nice looking gnome.
Well, thank you.
Thank you. It's very nice of you to say.
So I got the necklace.
Well, if a woman did it and they had the right
music.
I'm going to go up to him.
I'm a barbarian and I fly off
in a barbarian range.
And I run up to the demon and I go,
ooh, ooh, ooh, excuse me,
gentlemen.
How do you do?
It seems to me that you might have dropped something.
Is there a necklace about your size?
Is this your necklace?
Ignore the spikes.
I mean, I thank you so much.
I look back tomorrow and I go,
how am I doing?
I just thank you.
We made a pact.
Thank you so much. I love it.
No, no, no.
Spencer.
Yeah, he shoots two fireballs,
one of which hits Quark.
Spencer.
How much did it do?
How much damage did it do?
Six damage to Quark.
Wait, we don't know.
Did the devil fall for it?
Nine damage to Roy.
Oh, why, man?
How would I get involved in this?
He doesn't speak common.
What sort of damage did I sustain?
You took six.
To the face.
Fire to the face.
I turn back to Mulraine
with my face on fire.
Your eyebrows are gone.
My eyebrows are gone.
And I look back
and I take some of the soot
off of my hair and I draw
happy eyebrows on my forehead.
And I go,
it was worth it!
Oh, boy.
I'm too busy making another necklace to notice.
Wow.
This is a great pact.
No, no.
And then I look up and I feel very bad.
Spencer.
Wait, wait, wait.
Do stuff by saying his name like that.
I'm not trying to make him do anything.
He's writing the story.
He wrote the story.
No, no, no. We don't break the fourth wall.
We're in it.
There's no story. That's just what's happening.
You think because you made him a lasagna
that he's going to roll higher numbers for you?
I didn't know you were talking about that.
Did she bribe you with lasagna?
No, she just gives me food.
She's a feeder.
And it's delicious.
She's a feeder!
She makes people food!
Do you expect that?
She's a feeder!
Aaron, do you expect higher rolls from Spencer
when you ply him with treats?
No, no, no, I don't.
I think I...
Let's take this from a real-world perspective.
No, I don't have a baby.
In Incarnation...
In Incarnation of the Demon
appears in front of you, Erin McGathy.
This is not of this world.
You've never seen anything like it.
It's skin is crackling and ashen.
There's molten lava in its eyes.
And you offer it
a rope tied in a knot.
Would it be, oh, thank you,
or would it be I'm a demon
here to slay the souls of the living?
I'm going to keep doing that,
regardless of strings or knots
or necklaces.
I mean, here's a real question.
Do demons just have
no insecurity?
Like, they don't.
I mean, I really...
They're not accessorized?
No, they're tortured.
They're tortured creatures.
My face is on fire.
No, they'd be all like,
I came to this plane to murder people.
I enslaved all the people
that look like this person.
I apologize. I just assumed
that every creature had some sort of
soft spot.
Demon!
What does that mean to any of you?
You know what demons are?
Yeah.
I went in there with the necklace
to prove a point
about pats and about demons.
Yeah, you guys
are all playing your characters very accurately.
I run back to Mulrainee
if it's still my turn. Do I have a turn to do this or no?
Yeah, it's your turn again. He threw the fireball.
Okay, I run back to Mulrainee
to go, your turn, and I...
Wait, but it's his turn.
Okay, well, you're next.
I'm gonna make you a little friendship bracelet
for him, and then I will...
At the very least, the demon
is gonna remember this
battle.
When he's in the demon lounge,
you're not gonna believe who I killed today.
Can we backtrack?
I know I made him a necklace, but can we remember
the time when someone initiated a tap dance
for the demon?
It wasn't a tap dance. We were 150 feet away
by the time, and it seems like...
Imagine the work, neither.
I'm kidding about that.
I run back and I go, it didn't work.
Oh, my God, that was a shitty idea.
I'm sorry, did I do it wrong?
Aww.
How's that pack working out for you?
The what? The pack. How's it working out?
So far, it stinks.
Okay, we have a pretty good pack here.
I stab Roy in the chest.
What the fuck?
And I dagger over and over again.
I stab him in the chest
because I'm thirsty for blood.
Wow. Okay.
Well, we have an opening in the pack.
Yeah, we do. We don't have necklaces
or arrows or anything like that.
And we don't get our faces burned off.
You know what? No more packs for me. I'm going slow.
Well, I tell you what, you join us and I can cure
that face wound of yours.
Let's find out how you've been stabbing the chest works out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I stab him in the face.
It takes eight damage to the face.
Oh, is that what we're doing?
Yeah.
This is a great...
It's a blood that comes from his face
because I take the blood and I paint
a picture of his family dying
on my horse.
This is a great story
for the demon. Yeah, it was.
These people
are easily slaughtered today.
We'll wait till you hear about this.
Mulraine, why are you
tacking slap squat?
I don't know. I have a feeling.
What is your feeling? Your feeling is what?
I don't know. It's negative.
I want to drink his blood and draw pictures with it.
Whatever, guys.
We are having fun, right?
Not slap squat.
Okay, so I'll ignore
the painful
evisceration of my face
and I will cure
Quark's serious wounds.
Thank you, slap squat.
You're welcome. Quark goes back
to full health.
Yeah.
Remember, one left.
Packed, one place. Okay, I'm in.
You're packed. Okay.
Okay, well,
I
reeled a knife back in.
This is
the payoff.
That happens.
Is it still
attached to his head? Does he get closer to us?
No.
I pointed it while it's being reeled back in.
I'm a reaction
shot in a 1980s commercial
for the rope
tied to a knife.
Whoa!
It's pretty cool, right?
What's that?
I thought he threw that knife.
Now it's going back.
I want my dagger back, dagger back.
Knife rope. Ropes all separately.
It does not include knife.
It does not include knife, all around.
I take my short bow
and I
just fucking
shoot it at this guy.
You miss.
Sorry.
The knife rope was way better.
I should stick with my thing.
This was like when Michael Jordan
tried to play baseball.
I was
marching toward him.
I'm telling you, with my arms
wreathed in crackling
electronic energy,
carrying shocking grasp,
thinking about all of my father's
abuse of me.
I was just
locking eyes with him and just going,
I told you don't!
Now
you will be
grasped!
Shocking.
I think your catchphrase needs a little
bit of work.
I'm starting to like that thrust catchphrase.
Dealing
19 damage.
The electricity
pulses through his body and he shakes
violently and you see his eyes
pop and ooze and liquefy out of his
face. He falls to the ground
and dissipates
into a black fog that
drifts away.
Oh!
We did it!
That's harm attack everybody!
Thank you for coming!
Good job Roy!
You did great this time!
Roy McClureg everybody!
I'll say again,
McGathey, Kumail Nanjiani,
Spencer Crittenden and as always,
also Connor will see you next week
for the teleportation
versus sex.
Thank you, I seek Donnelly for the artwork
and Samantha for the lovely keychains.
I'm Jeff Davis. One more time for Dan
Mayer everybody!